the Pittsford Ventures IVc (Maple Leaf) fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 346.4% and fund is in Venture Capital. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on Canada.
the LG Venture I fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 293.0% and fund is in Venture Capital. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on South Korea.
the Sustainable Growth Fund II fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 264.4% and fund is in Venture Capital. Their core industries are Information Technology and are focussing on China.}
the Matrix Partners V fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 514.3% and fund is in Venture Capital. Their core industries are Information Technology, Telecoms & Media and are focussing on US.
the Crescendo I fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 447.4% and fund is in Venture Capital. Their core industries are Healthcare, Information Technology and are focussing on US.
the Benchmark Capital Partners II fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 267.7% and fund is in Venture Capital. Their core industries are Information Technology and are focussing on US. 

the IPAX I fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 318.0% and fund is in Buyout. Their core industries are Information Technology and are focussing on North America. 
the Kingswood Capital Opportunities Fund I fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 298.0% and fund is in Buyout. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on North America. 
the Morgan Stanley Leveraged Equity Fund I fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 279.7% and fund is in Buyout. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on North America.
the Kainos Capital Partners II fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 245.7% and fund is in Buyout. Their core industries are Consumer Discretionary and are focussing on North America.
the Auctus Fund I fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 239.8% and fund is in Buyout. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on West Europe.
the SSC Partners II fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 239.0% and fund is in Buyout. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on North America.

the Mandarin Capital Partners Secondary fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 68.2% and fund is in Secondaries. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on West Europe. 
the Mantra Secondary Opportunities III fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 57.8% and fund is in Secondaries. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on Europe. 
the Goldman Sachs Vintage VIII Flagship fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 55.6% and fund is in Secondaries. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on North America. 
the Diversified Private Equity Investors I fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 49.6% and fund is in Secondaries. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on North America.
the Aberdeen Standard Secondary Opportunities IV fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 48.4% and fund is in Secondaries. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on North America.
the AlpInvest Secondaries Program I fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 47.8% and fund is in Secondaries. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on North America.

the Whiz Healthcare PE 1 Fund fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 283.0% and fund is in Growth. Their core industries are Healthcare and are focussing on Japan.
the Gemini Investors II fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 167.0% and fund is in Growth. Their core industries are Consumer Discretionary and are focussing on US.
the Development Partners Fund fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 105.5% and fund is in Growth. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on China.
the WIT Alliance Technology Limited fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 100.0% and fund is in Growth. Their core industries are Consumer Discretionary, Information Technology and are focussing on China.
the Gaja Capital Fund IV fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 95.9% and fund is in Growth. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on India.
the CDH USD PE I fund is a private equity fund that has an IRR of 93.0% and fund is in Growth. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on China.

the "NMERB - Raith Capital Partners Separate Account" fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 67.0% and fund is in Debt. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on US.
the Occasio CMBS Fund I fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 59.8% and fund is in Debt. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on US.
the DCR Mortgage V fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 51.0% and fund is in Debt. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on US.
the Colony Investors I fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 45.8% and fund is in Debt. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on US.
the DMR Mortgage Opportunity Companion Fund fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 45.3% and fund is in Debt. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on US.
the Managed Account II fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 34.2% and fund is in Debt. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on US.

the Cabot Industrial Value Fund fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 120.3% and fund is in Value Added. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on North America.
the MSPA Acquisition fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 75.0% and fund is in Value Added. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on US.
the M7 Real Estate Investment Partners II fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 70.2% and fund is in Value Added. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on UK.
the NREP Retail I fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 67.1% and fund is in Value Added. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on Sweden.
the Cornerstone Apartment Venture I fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 65.4% and fund is in Value Added. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on North America.
the STAG Investments I (SCP Green) fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 63.3% and fund is in Value Added. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on US.

the Commonfund Real Estate Opportunity Fund 2018 fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 23.8% and fund is in Fund of Funds. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on North America.
the Franklin Templeton Private Real Estate Fund fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 19.1% and fund is in Fund of Funds. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on North America.
the Portfolio Advisors Real Estate Fund IV fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 13.0% and fund is in Fund of Funds. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on US. 
the Franklin Templeton Emerging Manager Real Estate Fund of Funds fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 13.0% and fund is in Fund of Funds. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on US. 
the GT Real Property I fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 12.7% and fund is in Fund of Funds. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on North America. 
the Penn Square Global Real Estate Fund II fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 12.0% and fund is in Fund of Funds. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on North America.

the Starwood Opportunity Fund I fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 79.2% and fund is in Opportunistic. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on North America.
the Hillpointe Workforce Housing Partnership I fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 67.3% and fund is in Opportunistic. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on US.
the Page Mill Properties fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 207.0% and fund is in Opportunistic. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on US.
the BREG Savannah Industrial Fund fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 203.0% and fund is in Opportunistic. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on US.
the Bryanston Retail Opportunity Fund fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 79.6% and fund is in Opportunistic. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on US.
the Patron Captive Fund fund is a real estate fund that has an IRR of 74.6% and fund is in Opportunistic. Their core industries are Real Estate and are focussing on Europe.

the Blackstone Energy Partners III fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 39.0% and fund is in Core Infrastructure. Their core industries are Energy & Utilities, Raw Materials & Natural Resources and are focussing on North America.
the Quinbrook Renewables Impact Fund fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 39.0% and fund is in Core Infrastructure. Their core industries are Energy & Utilities and are focussing on UK.
the iCON Infrastructure Partners fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 35.0% and fund is in Core Infrastructure. Their core industries are Energy & Utilities and are focussing on West Europe.
the SWEN Impact Fund for Transition fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 28.1% and fund is in Core Infrastructure. Their core industries are Energy & Utilities and are focussing on France.
the NextPower II Fund fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 27.3% and fund is in Core Infrastructure. Their core industries are Energy & Utilities and are focussing on Italy.
the Premium Maritime Fund fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 27.0% and fund is in Core Infrastructure. Their core industries are Industrials and are focussing on Europe.

the Aravis Energy I fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 448.0% and fund is in Core Plus Infrastructure. Their core industries are Energy & Utilities and are focussing on Europe.
the Five Point Energy Fund III fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 65.6% and fund is in Core Plus Infrastructure. Their core industries are Energy & Utilities and are focussing on US.
the Kobus Renewable Energy I fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 63.1% and fund is in Core Plus Infrastructure. Their core industries are Energy & Utilities and are focussing on Spain.
the Navigare Maritime Investment Fund II fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 41.4% and fund is in Core Plus Infrastructure. Their core industries are Industrials and are focussing on Europe.
the Alinda Infrastructure Fund IV fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 38.4% and fund is in Core Plus Infrastructure. Their core industries are Industrials and are focussing on North America.
the Zachry Hastings Infrastructure Partners fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 36.1% and fund is in Core Plus Infrastructure. Their core industries are Energy & Utilities and are focussing on North America.

the OFI Infra Multi-Select fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 13.3% and fund is in Infrastructure Fund of Funds. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on Europe.
the SWEN Infra Multi-Select 2 fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 13.2% and fund is in Infrastructure Fund of Funds. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on Europe.
the)Golding Infrastructure 2018 fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 12.9% and fund is in Infrastructure Fund of Funds. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on Europe.
the SWEN Infra Multi-Select 3 fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 12.4% and fund is in Infrastructure Fund of Funds. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on Europe.
the Partners Group Global Infrastructure 2012 fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 10.6% and fund is in Infrastructure Fund of Funds. Their core industries are Energy & Utilities and are focussing on Europe.
the Partners Group Global Infrastructure 2018 fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 9.2% and fund is in Infrastructure Fund of Funds. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on Europe.

the Strategic Partners Real Assets III fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 32.0% and fund is in Infrastructure Secondaries Fund. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on North America.
the ASF VI Infrastructure fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 18.1% and fund is in Infrastructure Secondaries Fund. Their core industries are Energy & Utilities and are focussing on North America.
the Strategic Partners Real Assets II fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 17.0% and fund is in Infrastructure Secondaries Fund. Their core industries are Diversified and are focussing on West Europe.
the Hamilton Lane Infrastructure Opportunities Fund fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 16.4% and fund is in Infrastructure Secondaries Fund. Their core industries are Diversified but they have no geographic focus we know of.
the ASF VII Infrastructure fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 14.5% and fund is in Infrastructure Secondaries Fund. Their core industries are Energy & Utilities and are focussing on North America.
the Pantheon Global Infrastructure Fund III fund is a infrastructure fund that has an IRR of 14.0% and fund is in Infrastructure Secondaries Fund. Their core industries are Energy & Utilities and are focussing on Europe.




